Update metrics docs for JS (#3853)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/concepts/signals/metrics.md

Author: @theletterf @chalin @cartermp just to add some context: the changes to this file are coming from some text I moved out from the JS docs to the general docs, I may not have all the knowledge about all the text if & how it makes sense, so if you have any suggestions to make that text better, provide me with inline suggestions:-)

  A histogram is a good choice if you are interested in value statistics. For
  example: How many requests take fewer than 1s?

### Synchronous and asynchronous instruments

> 

Reviewer: I miss an introductory sentence here that presents the two possible types of instruments. The order should also be the same as the title, and so start with synchronous and then follow with async.

Asynchronous instruments are useful in several circumstances, such as:

> - When updating a counter is not computationally cheap, and you don't want the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When updating a counter is not computationally cheap and you don't want the
```

  current executing thread to wait for the measurement
- Observations need to happen at frequencies unrelated to program execution

>   (i.e., they cannot be accurately measured when tied to a request lifecycle)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (for example, they can't be accurately measured when tied to a 
  request lifecycle)
```

- There is no known timestamp for a measurement value

> In cases like these, it's often better to observe a cumulative value directly,
> rather than aggregate a series of deltas in post-processing (the synchronous
> example). Take note of the use of `observe` rather than `add` in the appropriate
> code examples below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous cases, it's often better to observe a cumulative value directly
rather than aggregate a series of deltas in post-processing (the synchronous
example). Note here the use of `observe` instead of `add` in the following
examples.
```

Reviewer: Which examples?

Reviewer 2: I would wager few outside of those who contribute to OTel would understand this sentence:

> In cases like these, it's often better to observe a cumulative value directly,
rather than aggregate a series of deltas in post-processing (the synchronous
example).

Is it really needed?

Author: > Which examples?

the JS examples, so that sentence makes no sense anymore

Author: ```suggestion
```

Should I remove that entirely, wdyt?

Author: I removed a lot of that content and point to the guidelines from the spec which have all that we need.

Synchronous instruments take a measurement when they are called. The measurement
is done as another call during program execution, just like any other function
call. Periodically, the aggregation of these measurements is exported by a
configured exporter. Because measurements are decoupled from exporting values,

> an export cycle may contain zero or multiple aggregated measurements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an export cycle can contain zero or multiple aggregated measurements.
```
